Upgrade to Kafka 2.2.0 (#1530)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: HACKING.md

System tests uses admin user for some actions. You can specify admin user via variable `TEST_CLUSTER_ADMIN` (by default it use `developer` because `system:admin` cannot be used over remote connections).

### Execute ST with custom Kafka version

> To set custom Kafka version in system tests need to add system property `ST_KAFKA_VERSION` with one of the following values: `2.0.0`, `2.0.1`, `2.1.0`, `2.1.1` or `2.2.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set custom Kafka version in system tests need to add system property `ST_KAFKA_VERSION` with one of the versions of Kafka given in the `kafka-versions` file.
```
